How do I rank on Chat GBT? How do I show
up on Google AI overviews? How do I rank
on LLMs? These are questions I'm getting
asked most days by B2B and SAS
companies. And it's for good reason. If
someone heads to chat GBT and ask a
detailed query like, "Show me the top
three payroll softwares within X budget
having Y features and I need them within
Zed timeline." Your business either
shows up or misses out. So today I'm
going to share exactly how you can start
showing up on Chat GBT and Google AI
overviews and start building mind share
driving quality traffic clicks, inbound
leads, and demos before your competitors
catch up. I'm using the latest
information as of today so you can start
putting it into play for your B2B tech
or SAS company. And stick around to the
end and I'm going to share one of the
most powerful ways to show up on tools
like chat GBT. So, first off, let's talk
about GEO. Generative engine
optimization. What the heck is GEO? It's
about being cited as a trustworthy
source when someone searches for
information about your offer, your
product, your solution, compares
options, has queries around your niche
or otherwise. And it's about getting
your brand mentioned for these important
terms, which may not necessarily result
in a clickth through to your website.
And many folks are calling it the new
SEO, but in truth, that's not quite
accurate with the way things stand at
the moment. So, first off, let's talk
about GEO versus SEO. First off, let's
be clear. Google search grew 20% in
2024, and it still gets 373 times more
queries than chat GBT. And 90% of all
web traffic is still coming from Google,
not AI tools. This is according to a
recent report from Spark Toro and Datos
and most chat GPT sessions actually
begin after a Google search. So SEO
isn't dead. It's doing okay. The
difference is SEO as we know it is about
ranking pages. GEO is about ranking
information. SEO gets users to your
site. GEO gets your brand recommended
directly in the LLM. So what's the
future of search? Well, the lines are
definitely blurring. Google are rolling
out more and more AI overviews. So,
giving instant answers to your queries
above the fold without having to click
through to a blue link to go to an
external page. As an example, if you
search something like SAS SEO agency,
which is one of the terms we might go
for ranking on Google, you'll get quite
often a Google AI overview, which will
list a bunch of suggested SAS SEO
companies in this instance. And then
below that, you'll have the traditional
Google ads and then the organic results
with the blue links to click through to
external pages. Plus, Google are rolling
out AI mode as we record this episode.
In fact, it's recently dropped in the
US, which is their version of an LLM,
similar to Chat GPT. Chat GBT is adding
search capabilities through Bing's
Index. And the chances are we're going
to see more integration and overlap with
LLMs in the coming years. And your B2B
prospects are probably going to use a
mix of more traditional search and LLMs
when they have more advanced queries,
especially if you've got a more
technical user. In fact, if you sell to
a technical ideal client profile,
they're probably using LLMs a lot of the
time already. Now, before I dive into
the strategies, if your B2B tech service
or SAS company wants to start showing up
on LLMs and AI search to ramp up mind
share, visibility, clickthroughs, demos,
and revenue, why not grab a call with me
over at
breakingb2tb.com. We can talk about
exactly where you're at now, where you'd
like to get to, and see if we're a good
fit to help you out. That's
breaking.com or hit the link below in
the description. Right, let's dive into
the strategies. All right, let's talk
about how you can start showing up on
LLMs with a focus on ChatGpt. Well,
first and foremost, Chat GBT pulls from
Bing's index, not Google. If Bing can't
find you, Chat GBT might not be able to
either. According to a report from
Semrush, 87% that's 87% of ChatGpt
citations match Bing's top results.
Whereas Gemini pulls from Google's
index. So the first step is to make sure
your site's properly indexed on the
right search engines. So you want to
nail your ICP idle client profile as a
B2B or SAS company. And remember B2B
buyers are using LLM differently to
Google with more detailed prompts with
specific requirements. On Google someone
might search best proposal software.
Whereas on chat GBT they might use an
advanced prompt like I'm a CMO a fintech
series B company with a sales team of
10. We need a proposal software with an
X budget that can do Y and solve zed.
What are the best options? And this is
exactly why your content on your website
needs to truly resonate with dream
clients. You need to be crystal clear on
the job titles who actually buy your
product, your offer, the industries you
serve best, specific pain points your
software, service or offer solves, and
how dream clients describe problems in
their own words. This is the foundation
of success both on LLMs and SEO. If you
want to rank, show up, resonate, and
convert. So, you want to start thinking
about creating brand focused content.
This is pretty king when it comes to
ranking on tools like chat GBT and LLM.
Especially important for targeting
buyers at the beginning of a research
phase cuz they might want to know things
like how does your pricing compare to
competitors? What integrations do you
offer? Or what size of companies are
actually using your product? And to make
sure you show up for these important
queries, you can create things like
detailed pricing pages, competitor
alternatives pages, case study pages,
and adding FAQ sections within your core
product, service, industry pages, and
more. And after you've nailed branded
content, you'll need to start putting
out product specific content. The goal
here is to help AI connect your brand
with your product, the problems you
solve, and the jobs you help dream
clients help get done. So, you can start
doing this by building out detailed
how-to content that links to your
product and mentions your brand and your
offer. As an example, that could be an
article like how to set up SSO with your
SAS, your brand name, or how to create
custom dashboards within your product or
how to integrate your tool within
HubSpot or within Salesforce or within
Zoho. So, you'll see for each one, it's
giving useful how-to content that solves
a specific painoint or problem and then
mentions your brand and your offer. And
you'll want to make these as
comprehensive, helpful, and useful as
possible with clear numbered steps,
screenshots, gifts, maybe video guides,
examples, expected outcomes,
troubleshooting sections. So, when
someone asks an LLM how to solve a
problem your software fixes, your brand
should appear. And remember that people
might be searching really advanced
detailed queries here. So make sure your
article or the page on your website
covers every instance case by case as
detailed and as helpful as useful as
possible. So use folks from your sales
team, your customer success team, and
your support team to get that real
nitty-gritty what dream clients actually
care about. And make sure when you're
building out these pages, they link back
to your offer and your product. So
weaving in those screenshots, those
customer quotes, those testimonials,
those gifts, those videos. So everything
it's not just built to rank or show up
on LLMs, but it's also linking back to
your offer and actually promoting this
as a sales page and making it more
likely to drive inbound leads, demos, or
sales calls. And you want to think about
niche category positioning. This will
add another layer of connection between
your brand and your solution. Plus, it
explains how you're different, what
separates you from your competition. As
we all know, B2B in general, especially
tech and SAS can be super crowded and
competitive. That's why it's a smart
idea to target specific verticals,
industries and use cases, i.e. CRM for
manufacturing companies, project
management software for agencies, email
marketing platforms for SAS businesses.
You need to build out dedicated pages
for all the main verticals, use cases,
and industries that you're serving and
explain out the specific features within
those that can benefit each and every
industry or use case. Weaving in
testimonials from customers within those
verticals. So, when a prospective client
asks for solutions specific to their
industry or use case, you'll show up and
your company will be recommended. And
remember, each page we're updating or
each new page we're adding needs to be
as helpful to our dream clients as
possible, showing exactly how it helps
them fix a struggling moment, how it
helps them get a job done, or how it
helps them reach their goals. So things
like including step-by-step breakdowns,
showing your product's aha moment where
it clicks into play either with a gift
screenshot or otherwise, showing
relevant customer quotes, testimonials,
video reviews for the use case, and
maybe consider embedding a YouTube video
on the page itself as we've actually
seen that media show up in Chat GBT
results and also super effective for
showing up on Google, too. Another pro
tip is weaving in statistics and
research. So, original research seems to
give a hefty advantage as AI systems,
LLMs are citing statistics all the time.
To do this, you could consider building
out an industry report, including things
like survey data from your prospects or
your customers, adding in digestible
quotable statistics, including some
surprising, weird, or unusual trends,
and showcasing your methodology in a
transparent way. As a real example, our
client Proposify, they're a proposal
software SAS. Each and every year, they
do a report called the state of
proposals. And because they got so much
data from their proposal SAS tool, they
can share really useful, unusual, and
surprising stats. So, it could be things
like what makes a winning proposal, what
the proposals that close deals best have
that others don't, how to get your
proposal read, should you include video
within your proposals, where should
pricing be, should be at the start, the
middle, end, what to do to get a higher
open rate, and all these other useful
tips, insights, and more that you've
probably got access to if you run a SAS
or if you ever do surveys or if your
sales team or customer success team are
talking to customers and you've got a
historic toal backlog perhaps of this
information that you can then weave into
a report to put out some interesting
unusual and helpful stats and help you
get cited in LLMs. And one thing to add
is to keep updating your statistics or
reports as fresher data seems to get
prioritized. Now, we left this tactic
till the end, but it's probably one of
the most impactful strategies that there
is and that's earning brand mentions.
So, as a real life example, if we go
back to proposal software, if you want
to make sure that you're regularly
showing up in the LLMs, chat GPT, and
similar, when folks are searching for
things like best proposal software or
best proposal tools or best proposal
platform for a specific use case or
industry or more, pro way to do this is
to make sure your website is being
mentioned consistently on external sites
that are relevant to your niche. So in
the SAS and the tech and the software
game, that's usually getting pulled up
on other sites, listicles that are
relevant to your industry. So other
websites that are building out articles
and listicles for things like we review
the top 10 proposal softwares of 2025 or
we review the best proposal softwares
for this industry or this use case. And
if you can get mentioned on those
listicles with your brand name and the
category you're trying to show up for, a
bit like traditional PR and link
building, as long as it includes your
brand name and the category that you
want to get found for. And if you want
to get a backlink, well, that's only
going to help with Google's side of
things in terms of giving you a little
boost there. And if you can have a
process for consistently getting your
brand and your category mentioned on
these niche relevant, industry relevant
sites, whether that's product
listicicals or otherwise, that's going
to give you a nice boost to start
showing up in the LLMs. A nice strategy
here is for your team to be active on
LLM visible ecosystems. So being active
on things like Reddit threads and
communities, going on to industry
relevant blogs, guesting on niche
relevant podcasts. We're also getting
academic citations or even going on to
Quora. So with LLMs, with platforms like
chat GBT, it's less about backlinks.
It's more about your brand being
mentioned along with your category. But
if it was me, I'd try and do both. I'd
try and get my brand mentioned with the
category plus earn a backlink because
then you're basically getting a twoin
one. You're helping your visibility on
LLMs, but you're also helping with
traditional Google search which is quite
heavily weighted to super useful helpful
content and niche relevant back links
pointing to your focus pages that you
want to rank and show up for. And there
you have it. I hope this has given you
more clarity on how you can start
showing up on chat GBT and LLMs. And if
your B2B tech service or SAS company
wants to start showing up consistently
using GEO and SEO to start ramping up
visibility, mind share, quality traffic,
clicks, most importantly, demos, leads,
and revenue. But perhaps you lack the
resource inhouse. Why not book a call
with myself over at
breaking.com? We can talk through where
you're at now, where you'd like to get
to, and see if we can potentially help
you out. That's
breaking.com or hit the link in the
description below. And if you're not
ready, why not check out the breaking
B2B newsletter or breaking B2B podcast
for free SEO and B2B marketing tips. And
with that, I'll catch you on the next
one. Chess.